is a British teenager who is missing
with her sister after the Hamas attacks
has been murdered family members have
told BBC news that 13-year-old yahel is
now confirmed as having been killed in
that attack her mom lean was also
murdered her British sister Noya who is
16 and her dad Eli are still missing
well let's get the very latest with our
special correspondent Lucy Manning and
Lucy what do we know what more do we
know about the circumstances of her
death well this is very sad news from
Israel um we know we reported last night
that yeah just 13 and her sister Noya 16
were missing after the Hamas attack and
uh we were told by family members this
morning that it has been confirmed that
yel has now been murdered her sister
Noya is still missing her mom Leanne
they are all British her mom Leanne was
confirmed Med murdered as well uh this
is one family in Israel their dad Ellie
is missing Ellie's brother and another
relative have been taken hostage I spoke
last night to relatives of the family in
Israel and they described 13 year old
yel you might be able to see the photos
with her smiling in family celebrations
they said she was always funny that she
loved to sing and to dance and to
perform and um um the family
understandably are devastated by this
news and they are still waiting for news
on the whereabouts of noya uh the family
were from kibitz beeri that's one of the
kibot in near the Gaza border um where
the Hamas gunmen just slaughtered
families in their homes and uh took
others away and uh here we have um a
British family two teenage sisters uh
their mom and we now know that the mom
and the 13-year-old have been murdered
and the family await news on on their
other daughter and the dad um in a
statement yesterday about Leanne the mom
she had moved from England um to work
and live on the kibuts in her late teens
and then had decided to make a life out
there they described her as a beloved
Mom and Aunt um and friend and said she
had really enriched people's lives but
uh a sad start to the morning with this
news from Israel that the British
teenager yel has been murdered yeah Lucy
a desperately sad story and of course uh
now a long wait uh to discover the
whereabouts of those other family
members um and just reminders we heard
from the Prime Minister yesterday
telling Parliament that another 10
people are still missing and the
government does fear that some of of
those could also be
dead well I think the official
government figures are six British uh
six British citizens have been murdered
and um n are missing um it's not known
whether those have been kidnapped or
whether those have been murdered as well
we spoke to another family yesterday a
British family um there I spoke to
Elliot Young his brother natanel had
been killed he was uh from London he was
uh serving in the Israeli Army um and
there are others uh Bernard Cowen from
Scotland Danny darington a British
photographer um so we are starting to
hear more British names but I think
unfortunately because there are 10
missing uh we are going to start to hear
more of these stories affecting British
citizens but this has affected citizens
from throughout the world um not just
Israelis but
citizens people from other countries as
well 1,400 people killed in that tamas
attack um this this family just just one
family that has been
destroyed Lucy for now thanks very much
that's our special correspondent Lucy
Manning with that desperately sad uh
update this morning uh to bring you